for this part of strawberry we are going to
need two packages of cream cheese
a can of condensed milk a third
of a cup of lemon juice two
teaspoons of vanilla essence and
for the strawberry base 500 grams of
Washed and disinfected strawberries a cup
of sugar 2 tablespoons of water and strawberries
in slices to decorate we go here to
put the strawberries together with the sugar on
water here nothing more in a pot
strawberries sugar and water two
tablespoons of water no more nothing else is
little bit and the strawberries that look pretty
humidity so they go themselves
taking out his own juice and leave
doing like a honey ecita so is that
let's leave it here it done
the candy along with the sugar and
strawberries are going to have a little bit of
patience does not take long is matter
of about five or ten minutes what is
does is have melanie is rich
strawberries which is the one we're going to use
for this part on the other hand here in the
blender let's put the cream cheese
can be made with cream cheese or look
also how it can be done with ice cream
with vanilla ice cream is great
that about here the blender we're going to
start to beat with vanilla ice cream
it is also very rich if suddenly
we say we do not have time or I already have
the best as a low low diet in
sugars and I do not want to consume milk
condensed in this example or sugar what
what they can do is do
you need with sugar substitute with the
water the strawberries that are made to me
also chosen here in the pot and for
another side can use it with ice cream
of vanilla low in sugar that also
this mixture is great but good
this is how we are doing here in
they are art because it is left to lips and we have
the cream cheese that is already cream we are going to
add now
condensed milk and bad coordinate
the fact against me makes me water
let's add milk here
condensed can also be by
example with cream and with icing sugar is
mix let's now add lemon
lemon juice and vanilla
we wait for the cream that is
Integrate everything completely to the one that will be
as well as a pasta etc and creamy
let's open speed MOTHERS
it can also be the blender if not
they have a blender they can sit on the
blender though to me the blender
like it a little more because there is a
little thicker is not so tan
watered down like 'he like the blender like that is
that is almost ours
Strawberry jam has given them all
a few minutes because I think that
I softened a little bit more the strawberry I want
to see her here is still very whole
but see how the juice is already letting go
and how it will not painting candy
I want the strawberry to be well now
soft then I'm going to leave you some
how many more minutes in the fire so that
make a little more candy and for
Strawberry course a little softened
more we are already then here already with
our prey that is missing some
how many more minutes I have here already
a mixture that is already cold and good
is ready to prepare your part
also see how it went well
our cream cheese and was already text
integrated everything perfectly then
let's start just to form it
Well, it's very simple, we're going to
start to put a little bit of this
mix of strawberries if you want what can
crush a bit or if you want they can
put it as it is so straight
to taste so I'll put it live
so that they feel a little bit the
consistency of the strawberries now we go to
put some of this cream mixture already
We have already prepared here above
for another bit that you see here in the
part of medium
Let us now put
nothing else what so rich thing is going
mixing a little bit let's put another
little strawberries on top
with his juice his candy and how they
I said you can for example
well then make the pass with
any other type of fruit can
be it was also because pro peach or
mango if they like it and do not like
berries can use for example another
type of fruit that also remains
wonderful and they can do it to your liking
the important thing is to integrate many times
the fruit in things that we do not know
many times how to do it like giving them
fruits in the at breakfast or to the eye in
the food and it's very important that
let's integrate, of course, the food
daily fruits and vegetables so it's not
I will forget them I am ready
with my part, the only thing I need is
take it to the refrigerator put a layer
more of cream so that we finish with the
cream and what do you think if we leave
straight to the presentation table and
companions
step by step strawberry part for the
Milk base whisks cheese to cream
Add condensed milk integra adds
the lemon juice and the essence of
Vanilla reserves the strawberry filling
place the strawberries in the pot
sugar and water cooks at low heat
until you get a kind of jam
let cool to ride in a cup
place a layer of milk a layer of
strawberry and continues alternating until
refill the glass refrigerates during a
hour or until it is firm offers
decorating with sliced ​​strawberries